keycfg.exe is the GUI based editor for keys.cfg.
To use it:
Put it in your renegade folder.

Run it, it will read keys.cfg from your data folder if it exists.
otherwise it will start empty.

It contains the following UI elements:
A list of all the logical keys it knows about (either from reading keys.cfg
or from new keys added via the Add Key button)

A list of all the physical keys in the game, the names match with those in
the renegade internal keyboard config dialog.
Since the keyboard hooks dont support mouse wheel up/down or mouse movement
they are not in the list.

Use "None" if you dont want a particular logical key bound to any physical key

A text box where you type in the name of the new logical key you want to add.

A button labeled "Add Key" that adds a new logical key.

A button labeled "Save & Quit" that saves keys.cfg and exits.

and A button labeled "Quit" that exits without saving keys.cfg.

When the program is started and keys.cfg doesnt exist, nothing will be in the logical keys list
and the first item in the physical keys list will be selected.

When the program is started and keys.cfg exists, it will be read.
All the keys in it will be added to the logical keys list.
The first item in the logical keys list will be selected as will whatever the corresponding
physical key is.

When an item is selected in the logical keys list, the corresponding physical key is selected.

When an item is selected in the physical keys list, the physical key corresponding to the
currently selected logical key is changed to the physical key that was just selected.

When the "add" button is pressed, whatever is in the "new key" textbox will be used as the
name for the new logical key.
The new key will have the first entry in the physical key list as its physical key untill
you change it.

When the "quit" button is pressed (or the dialog window is closed), the program exits without saving the new keys.cfg.

When the "save & quit" button is pressed, the program exits, saving all the entries in the logical key list along with their
matching physical keys.

For those who want to see the source code, open scripts.sln and look at the "keycfg" project.
the keys.cfg editor is released under the GNU General Public Licence and if you wish to use 
parts of its code in another program you must comply with that licence.
See the file COPYING for details of the GNU General Public Licence.
